[update] Connect TimescaleDB and Grafana (#1479)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/grafana/grafana-timescalecloud.md

import CloudTrial from 'versionContent/_partials/_cloudtrial.mdx';

# Connect TimescaleDB and Grafana

Grafana ships with built-in Prometheus, PostgreSQL, Jaeger, and other data
source plugins that allow you to query and visualize data from a compatible
database. To add a data source in Grafana you must be signed as a user with
organization administration role privileges.

> To connect Grafana with TimescaleCloud database instance, create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect Grafana with your Timescale Cloud database, create a
```

> To connect Grafana service on MST with your Timescale Cloud database, create a

Reviewer: You can't have both MST and Timescale Cloud.

```suggestion
To connect Grafana with your Managed Service for TimescaleDB database, create a
```

Author: Hi @Loquacity  I reworked on this PR and added Grafana service on MST as an alternative option. I hope this draft removes the ambiguity.

> [Grafana][install-grafana] service on [MST][mst-login]. You can try it for

Reviewer: Wait - Cloud or MST?

Author: This is about the [Grafana service on MST](https://docs.timescale.com/timescaledb/latest/tutorials/grafana/installation/#create-a-new-service-for-grafana)

Reviewer: In that case, you need to say MST on L16.

Author: > In that case, you need to say MST on L16.

Yes!!! makes sense. Thanks for pointing it.

import CloudTrial from 'versionContent/_partials/_cloudtrial.mdx';

# Connect TimescaleDB and Grafana

Grafana ships with built-in Prometheus, PostgreSQL, Jaeger, and other data
source plugins that allow you to query and visualize data from a compatible
database. To add a data source in Grafana you must be signed as a user with
organization administration role privileges.

> To connect Grafana with TimescaleDB service on Timescale Cloud, install Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect Grafana with TimescaleDB on Timescale Cloud, start by installing Grafana.
```

> For information about installing Grafana, see the [Grafana installation documentation][grafana-install].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about installing Grafana, see the [Grafana installation documentation][grafana-install].
```

> Alternatively, to connect Grafana service on MST with your TimescaleDB service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, to connect your Grafana service to MST with your TimescaleDB service
```

on Timescale Cloud, create a [Grafana][install-grafana] service on
[MST][mst-login]. You can try it for free for 30 days.

> This section shows you how to connect TimescaleDB service on Timescale Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows you how to connect TimescaleDB on Timescale Cloud
```

> as data source in [Grafana][grafana-homepage].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a data source in [Grafana][grafana-homepage].
```

Reviewer: I wonder if a use case example would work here, to try and make it clearer?

## Configure TimescaleDB as a data source

> To configure TimscaleDB as a data source you need to create a service,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure TimescaleDB as a data source you need to create a service,
```

Ugh, only just spotted that one, sorry!

### Configuring TimescaleDB as data source

> To configure TimescaleDB service on Timescale Cloud with your Grafana
> installation, log in to Grafana and proceed to step 5 in this procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is just confusing.
